#RAREis Scholarship Fund
To support students living with rare diseases, the

AB HBCU Scholars Program
The AB HBCU Scholars Program is providing $5,000 awards, summer internships and mentoring opportunities to second-year students at these Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs):

AbbVie Immunology Scholarship
The AbbVie Immunology Scholarship is designed to provide financial support for exceptional students living with chronic inflammatory diseases. Scholarships of up to $15,000 each are available, with specific amounts depending on the type of degree the recipient is pursuing.

Adobe Research Ph.D. Fellowship
Adobe Research creates innovative technologies to better serve consumers, creative professionals, developers, and enterprises. The Adobe Research Fellowship recognizes outstanding graduate students anywhere in the world carrying out exceptional research in areas of computer science important to Adobe.

Adobe Research Women-in-Technology Scholarship
Adobe Research creates innovative technologies to better serve consumers, creative professionals, developers, and enterprises—and they believe that part of creating the best products is bringing a diverse group of talented people together. To bring more gender diversity to the technology industry, the company invites qualified undergraduate and master’s-level students to apply for the Adobe Research Women-in-Technology Scholarship.

Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship
The Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship is a double sized opportunity for future engineers. 100 high school seniors like you will win $40,000 for college and a guaranteed paid internship at Amazon!

Amcor Technical School Scholarship
Amcor is a global leader in developing and producing responsible packaging for food, beverage, pharmaceutical, medical, home and personal care, and other products. To support the next generation of skilled workers and tradespeople, Amcor is awarding up to 20 scholarships of $2,500 each to students pursuing industrial skilled-trade programs.

AMETEK Foundation, Inc. International STEM Scholarship
AMETEK Foundation, Inc. has established a scholarship program to assist residents of China or the European Union (EU) who plan to continue their education in a STEM field.

Andreas Heiberg Scholarship
Born in Norway, Andreas Heiberg came to the United States in the 1960s as a bright, young mechanical engineering graduate. He became involved in logistics planning and quickly became a respected name in polar research and exploration; after he passed away in 2021, his family established the Andreas Heiberg Scholarship to celebrate his life and enthusiasm for learning.

AppZen STEM Scholarship for Racial Justice
AppZen, developer of the world’s leading AI platform for modern finance teams, has established the AppZen STEM Scholarship for Racial Justice, to support Black students pursuing undergraduate degrees in STEM fields.

Axalta Bright Futures Scholarship
Students at eligible colleges, universities and vocational-technical schools in regions served by Axalta, a global leader in the coatings industry, can apply for renewable scholarships up to $5,000 per year from the Axalta Bright Futures Scholarship Program.

Bristol Myers Squibb Scholarship for Cancer Survivors
The Bristol Myers Squibb Scholarship for Cancer Survivors provides assistance to cancer survivors who plan to continue their education in college or vocational school programs.

BURGER KING Scholars Program
Integrity, high standards, entrepreneurial spirit, good citizenship and education: those were the values that defined BURGER KING® co-founder James W. McLamore. They helped realize his dream—and they are the core of the BURGER KING McLAMORE Foundation.

Chia Family Foundation Scholarship
The Chia Family Foundation Scholarship supports Chinese-American students in their pursuit of higher education, providing awards from $5,000 to $15,000 per year.

CM Cares Religious Scholar Program
The Church Mutual Religious Scholars Program, established by CM CARES, is offering 50 scholarships of $5,000 each to the religious leaders of tomorrow, totaling $250,000 to assist students pursuing an advanced degree in religious studies.

CME Group Foundation Scholarship
The CME Group Foundation Scholars Program will award renewable scholarships of up to $20,000 to under-represented minority students majoring in finance, computer science or applied mathematics at the ten CME Group Foundation partner schools (located in Illinois and New Jersey).

Cory L. Richards Memorial Scholarship Program, sponsored by the Guttmacher Institute
The Cory L. Richards Memorial Scholarship Program is open to graduate students who are pursuing a Masters Degree in the field of Public Policy or Public Health and demonstrate a commitment to advancing public policy related to sexual and reproductive rights. Applicants must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale (or its equivalent) to apply.

David Pruitt Award for Courage
The David Pruitt Award for Courage provides $2,500 scholarships to students who

DEWALT Trades Scholarship
The DEWALT Trades Scholarship is providing 20 awards of up to $10,000 each to students

Dr Pepper Tuition Giveaway
Dr Pepper is awarding over $650,000 in tuition to students to make their sweet college dreams come true!

Dr. Michael and Mrs. Kay Wilcox Education Fund
The Dr. Michael and Mrs. Kay Wilcox Education Fund is providing renewable scholarships for undergraduate study in approved health care-related fields. Applicants must be high school seniors or graduates from New Prague High School in New Prague, Minnesota.

Dunkin’ Philadelphia Regional Scholarship Program
To ease the financial burden of college for students throughout the greater Philadelphia region, t

Educating America Scholarship Program
The Educating America Scholarship Program is providing renewable scholarships of up to $20,000 over four years to students from Orange County, California. Applicants must be seniors or graduates of

Edwards Lifesciences Scholarship Program
The Edwards Lifesciences Scholarship Program provides renewable $2,500 awards for students pursuing a major in science, technology, engineering or math (STEM majors). Applicants must be United States citizens or legal residents who are high school seniors and residents of Orange County, CA; Salt Lake County, UT; or Puerto Rico. Recipients must demonstrate financial need.

Equitable Excellence Scholarship
Equitable is committed to students who show potential: those with the courage to pursue what’s possible; who display strength in managing challenges; who share wisdom with others. The Equitable Excellence Award provides scholarship funding to students who are dedicated to achieving their dreams.
This year, Equitable will award $750,000 in college scholarships to up to 200 remarkable young people throughout the nation representing all 50 states, Washington DC and Puerto Rico.
Students have the opportunity to receive a $2,500 or renewable $5,000 scholarship.
Applicants to the Equitable Excellence Scholarship must be high school seniors who plan to enroll in a full-time undergraduate course of study at an accredited two- or four-year college or university. Applicants must also be United States citizens or legal residents and will be asked to demonstrate outstanding achievement in a school, community, or workplace activity. Please note, only the first 10,000 applications will be accepted.
Opening October 1, 2022

ETS Cares Scholarship Program
The ETS Cares Scholarship Program, funded entirely by ETS employee donations, provides scholarships to high school seniors in New Jersey who are experiencing hardships that may stand in the way of their college goals.

Families of Freedom Scholarship Fund
The terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 left the nation and the world in shock. Through the generosity of individuals and corporations, more than $108 million has been raised to fund this long-term scholarship program.

Frontline Families Scholarship
The Frontline Families Scholarship Fund was established by Dr. Michael Osterholm, world-renowned epidemiologist, to provide educational assistance to the surviving family members of frontline healthcare workers and volunteers who lost their lives in the fight against COVID-19. All eligible applicants will receive awards ranging from $1,000 to $2,500, with the total amount depending on the applicant’s demonstrated financial need.

Future of School Scholarship Program
The Future of School Scholarship Program is awarding scholarships of up to $10,000 to students who have embraced technology to improve their educational experiences, both academically and personally.

GE-Reagan Foundation Scholarship Program
The GE-Reagan Foundation Scholarship Program offers $10,000 scholarships to outstanding high school seniors—and awards are renewable up to three subsequent years, for a potential total of up to $40,000 each.

Gionandrea Pugi Scholarship
The Gionandrea Pugi Scholarship is providing up to two renewable awards of $5,000 each. Awards will be granted to currently enrolled college undergraduates of Italian descent, who are planning to continue full-time study at an accredited two-or four-year college, university, or vocational technical college for the entire 2021-22 academic year in the field of medicine (such as taking courses in preparation for Medical or Nursing School) or biology.

GoodRx Pharmacy Innovation Scholarship
The GoodRx mission is to provide the best healthcare savings to all Americans, starting with reliable, trustworthy information about prescription drugs. What better way to do this than by supporting

GoodRx Scholarship for Future Black Physicians
According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, only 6.2% of all 2019 medical school graduates were Black. To support Black students pursuing careers in the medical field, GoodRx has created the GoodRx Scholarship for Future Black Physicians.

HACEMOS Scholarship Program
HACEMOS is AT&T’s Hispanic/Latino employee resource group, open to all AT&T employees across the nation. The group’s mission is reflected in its motto:

Howard Hughes Corporation Community Scholarship
The Howard Hughes Corporation Community Scholarship will award a renewable $2,500 scholarship to a high school senior, high school graduate or current college undergraduate residing in one of the following five regional areas:

IN2(the)FUTURE Scholarship
Aramark created the IN2WORK program to help incarcerated men and women train and prepare for food service and retail warehouse careers after release—and the new IN2(the)FUTURE scholarship will help the children of IN2WORK graduates pursue their own educational goals.

Innovision Society Scholarship Program
When you are working towards a big dream, it helps when someone has your back along the way. The Innovision Society Scholarship Program was established to lift Innovision Society members and families to new heights.
The Innovision Society Scholarship is open to members* who reside in an eligible California, New York or New Jersey county**. Applicants must be high school seniors, high school graduates or current college undergraduates age 24 and under, and must be members of the Innovision Society as of the application deadline date. Applicants must also plan to enroll in full-time undergraduate study at an accredited two- or four-year college, university or vocational-technical school for the entire upcoming academic year.
Up to five scholarships of $3,000 each will be awarded; scholarships are not renewable, but students are invited to reapply each year they meet eligibility requirements.
*Membership is open to all, and membership fee waivers are available for students in eligible counties applying for the Innovision Society scholarships. Request your fee waiver here via the “Message” field.
**Eligible counties include: County of Los Angeles, Orange County, San Bernardino County, Riverside County, County of San Diego, and Ventura County (CA); Monroe County (NY) and Morris County (NJ).

International Bridge, Tunnel and Turnpike Association Scholarship Program
The International Bridge, Tunnel and Turnpike Association Foundation is providing $5,000 undergraduate and graduate scholarships to students pursuing a degree in one of the following fields: Civil Engineering, City and Regional Planning, Construction Management, Public Policy or Public Administration, Structural Engineering, Finance, Accounting, Information Technology, Business Management, Marketing, Communications, Operations Management or other transportation-related degree program.

Invictus/Verus Scholarship Program
The Invictus/Verus Scholarship Program is awarding $5,000 scholarships to support diverse women who aspire to careers in business, finance and banking. Applications are open to current college undergraduates who are enrolled fulltime or part-time at an accredited four-year college and who identify as female as well as Black or African American; Hispanic or Latina; or American Indian or Alaska native.

J.T. Magen & Company Diversity Scholarship
To foster diversity and inclusion in the construction and construction management fields, J.T. Magen & Company is awarding scholarships up to $10,000 to students in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.

James L. and Nellie M. Westlake Scholarship Program
The James L. and Nellie M. Westlake Scholarship provides renewable, full-tuition awards, plus a stipend for books and supplies, to Missouri students who need financial help to pursue their bachelor’s degree.

James Madison Memorial Fellowship Program
The James Madison Memorial Fellowship is a federal program that offers secondary level teachers (both pre-service and in-service) of history and government up to $24,000 to complete a master’s degree in history, political science, or related fields.

Kia Great Unknowns Scholarship
Kia America, Inc. is awarding $5,000 renewable scholarships to students who embody th

Knoll Diversity Advancement Design Scholarships for Black Students
The Knoll Diversity Advancement Design Scholarships for Black Students are designed to develop the next generation of architects, graphic designers, industrial and architectural engineers, interior designers and industrial designers.

Lockheed Martin STEM Scholarship
Lockheed Martin launched the STEM Scholarship Program in 2018 as part of investment in the next generation of STEM talent. The company is committed to providing access to pathways through education and into the STEM workforce for all students, particularly those from diverse backgrounds and communities historically underrepresented in STEM fields.

Lockheed Martin Vocational Scholarship
The Lockheed Martin Vocational Scholarship seeks to support students with a high school diploma or GED equivalent who are pursuing an associate degree, credit-bearing certificate, or industry certification. The scholarship funds study at accredited, eligible community and technical colleges to prepare students for careers in engineering, technology, and advanced manufacturing.

LPA Interdisciplinary Diversity Scholarship
LPA is an integrated design firm with six offices across California and Texas, providing sustainable design for educational, corporate, healthcare, recreation and civic facilities. The LPA Interdisciplinary Diversity Scholarship will provide renewable scholarships of $5,000 per year to students in LPA’s home states who are pursuing undergraduate degrees in eligible majors associated with the building and design industry.

MissionSquare Retirement Memorial Scholarship Fund
The MissionSquare Retirement Memorial Scholarship Fund (formerly the ICMA-RC Public Employee Memorial Scholarship Fund) was founded in 2001 to honor the lives of our nation’s police officers, firefighters, and other local and state government employees who have

NANOG Scholarship Program
The North American Network Operators’ Group (NANOG) is the professional association for Internet engineering, architecture and operations. Their core focus is on continuous improvement of the data transmission technologies, practices, and facilities that make the Internet function. In an effort to support the next generation of network operators, NANOG is providing $10,000 scholarships to assist current undergraduate and graduate level students pursuing a degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Network Engineering or Telecommunications*.
To apply, students must plan to enroll part- or full-time in undergraduate or graduate study at an accredited two- or four-year institution for the entire upcoming academic year. Applicants must also have a minimum 3.0 grade point average on a 4.0 scale or its equivalent. Qualified students are encouraged to apply as early as possible.
*Telecommunications scholarships are available at the graduate level only.
Opening April 2022

Navisite’s Next Steminist Scholarship Program
Navisite, a modern managed cloud service provider, is proud to introduce

NetDocuments Work Inspired Scholarship
NetDocuments, a leader in the field of secure document management, is proud to

Nicole V. Reed Memorial Foundation Culinary Award
Creating custom cakes was Nicole Reed’s passion, and the

Northwestern Mutual Childhood Cancer Sibling Scholarship
The Northwestern Mutual Childhood Cancer Sibling Scholarship program supports siblings of those affected by childhood cancer, who plan to continue their education in college or vocational school programs. Up to 25 renewable $5,000 scholarships are available.

Northwestern Mutual Childhood Cancer Survivor Scholarship
The Northwestern Mutual Childhood Cancer Survivor Scholarship program supports cancer survivors as they pursue their college dreams. The scholarship program will award renewable $5,000 scholarships to 25 students.

O’Brien-Vrba Scholarship Trust
The O’Brien-Vrba Scholarship Trust is providing renewable scholarships to college upperclassmen and graduate students who attended high school or currently live in rural Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan and Wisconsin communities.

Olson-Anderson Owatonna Clinic Scholarship Program
Are you a current or previous resident of Owatonna, Minnesota, or Steele County, Minnesota, or someone who works or has worked in Owatonna or Steele County, Minnesota? Do you have an immediate family member who lives or has lived or works or has worked in Owatonna or Steele County, Minnesota?

OTR Capital Diversity in Business Scholarship
OTR Capital’s Diversity in Business Scholarship is providing $2,800 scholarship awards to college undergraduates from traditionally underserved populations in Georgia and Tennessee.

Pega Scholars Program
College students pursuing computer science or technology degrees in the U.S. and eligible countries around the world are invited to apply for $1,500 (US) scholarships from the Pega Scholars Program.

PG&E Better Together STEM Scholarship
Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) is offering Better Together STEM Scholarships of $2,500 or $10,000 to students pursuing science, technology or engineering studies at universities in California. Students must be California residents and PG&E customers at the time of application.

PGA WORKS Golf Management University Scholarship Program
PGA WORKS is a strategic initiative, designed to diversify the golf industry’s workforce. Funded by PGA REACH, the 501(c)(3) charitable foundation of the PGA of America, PGA WORKS leverages fellowships, scholarships, career exploration events, and the PGA WORKS Collegiate Championship to inspire and engage talent from diverse backgrounds to pursue key employment positions across the golf industry.

PlaceWorks Scholarship Program
The mission of PlaceWorks is to envision and create great places—and the PlaceWorks Scholarship Program aims to help the next generation of planners, urban designers, landscape architects, and environmental specialists. PlaceWorks is offering $5,000 scholarships to California college and graduate students from diverse backgrounds who are pursuing a degree in eligible planning, urban design, architecture, environmental planning, landscape architecture, and related fields.
Applicants must be California residents currently enrolled in undergraduate or graduate level studies, and must be planning to enroll full-time in an eligible major for the next semester or term. In addition, applicants must identify as American Indian or Alaska Native; Asian; Black or African American; Hispanic or Latino; or Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander.
Up to two $5,000 awards will be granted, and recipients will also be eligible for internship opportunities with PlaceWorks.
Opening Spring 2022

PREA Scholarship Program
The Pension Real Estate Association awards scholarships on an annual basis to promising students studying real estate at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Scholarships are offered each year for full-time study in real estate. Applicants to the PREA Scholarship Program must be college sophomores, juniors or seniors and graduate level students who are already enrolled or planning to enroll in full-time undergraduate or graduate study at an accredited four-year school; applicants must also be majoring or concentrating in real estate.

Progress of Ideas Scholarship
The Robert Schalkenbach Foundation (RSF) was founded to promote the ideas of 19th century social reformer Henry George. RSF’s Progress of Ideas Scholarship assists students who share the foundation’s focus on economic equity and social justice, and its drive to discern and challenge the drivers of inequality in our systems of governance and taxation.

Rent-A-Center Make a Difference Scholarship
Rent-A-Center is offering $2,500 Make a Difference Scholarships to customers, family members and dependents of employees!

Richard and Louise Varco Scholarship Fund
Through the Richard and Louise Varco Scholarship Fund, The Saint Paul & Minnesota Community Foundations are offering scholarships of up to $5,000 to applicants who demonstrate high achievement and financial need. The program is available to the following:

Richard O. Jacobson Legacy Scholarship
The Richard O. Jacobson Legacy Scholarship Program is offering approximately 50 renewable scholarships of up to $10,000 to high school seniors and current college undergraduates at eligible Iowa colleges and universities.

RISE Financial Progress Scholarship Program
The RISE Financial Progress Scholarship is designed to help hardworking students achieve their dreams while also teaching students what they need for long-term financial success.

Risk Management Association Foundation (RMA) Scholarship Program
The Risk Management Association Foundation is proud to offer the RMA Foundation Scholarship to college sophomores and juniors who are interested in working in the banking industry after graduation.

Robert E. Applebaum Scholarship Fund
Through the Robert E. Applebaum Scholarship Fund, The Saint Paul & Minnesota Community Foundations are offering scholarships of up to $12,500 to applicants who demonstrate high achievement and financial need. This unique program is open to students who will be attending an accredited college or university, as either a senior in college or a graduate school student for the entire upcoming academic year. Applicants must also have a minimum grade point average of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale (or its equivalent).

Rock the Trades Scholarship
Rock the Trades™ is a workforce development initiative celebrating the American industrial worker—and the Rock the Trades Scholarship Program empowers the dreams of those pursuing careers in the skilled industrial trades across the United States.

Roy F. and Joann Cole Mitte Foundation Scholarship
The Roy F. and Joann Cole Mitte Foundation is offering up to $100,000 in scholarships to students from eligible Texas counties (as listed on the ), who plan to attend college in the state. Applicants must be high school seniors with a minimum 3.0 GPA (on a 4.0 scale), and must be planning to enroll full-time at an accredited two- or four-year college in Texas for the full upcoming academic year.

Scholarship America Dream Award
Scholarship America’s Dream Award is a renewable scholarship fund targeted toward completion. Awards will be given to students entering their second year or higher of education beyond high school, based on the fact that too often scholarships are only offered in their freshman year. Award amounts will grow each year, helping ensure that students can afford to complete their degrees.

Scorpion Cares Scholarship Program
The Scorpion Cares Scholarship Program will provide $10,000 scholarships to high school seniors and current college undergraduates in the U.S. who plan to pursue full-time undergraduate study at an accredited two- or four-year college, university or vocational-technical school for the entire upcoming academic year.
Students who have a minimum grade point average of 2.5 on a 4.0 scale (or its equivalent) are invited to apply. Available awards include the following; applicants will be considered for all awards they qualify for.
Scorpion’s Women in Technology Scholarship (for women pursuing a career in technology)
Future Designers Scholarship (for anyone with the dreams of being a Web, Product or Brand designer)
Business Leadership Scholarship (for Black or African American students pursuing a business degree)
Scorpion’s Community Impact Scholarship (for students who have made or who plan to make a positive impact in their community)
Opening March 2022

ScottMadden Inspire Scholarship
ScottMadden, one of North America’s leading management consulting firms specializing in energy, has established the $10,000

Simpson Strong-Tie Structural & Civil Engineering/Construction Management/Architecture Scholarship
Simpson Strong-Tie® Company Inc. has has established a scholarship program to assist structural and civil engineering, construction management, and architecture students at participating colleges and universities in various communities in the United States. The Simpson Strong-Tie Student Scholarship Program offers scholarships to support education and encourage the design and building of safer structures in our communities.

SMART Scholarship Program
SMART offers scholarships for undergraduate, master’s, and doctoral students currently pursuing a degree in one of 21 STEM disciplines.

SNC Women in STEM Scholarship
The Sierra Nevada Corporation’s goal is to dream, innovate and inspire through advanced engineering technologies in Space Systems, Commercial Solutions, and National Security and Defense. To foster gender equity in science and technology, the SNC Women in STEM Scholarship is providing $7,500 scholarship awards to eligible students.

STANLEY Technology Scholarship Program
Security Technology is constantly evolving and is key in helping to create safer, healthier, and more efficient environments for all, helping to keep the world moving forwards, both today and tomorrow. The STANLEY Technology Scholarship is designed to support students in the U.S and Europe who are seeking careers in this vital and rapidly transforming industry.Scholarships up to $5,000 (USD) are available, with amounts depending on the country of residence.

Steiner Family Scholarship
Students in the U.S and Canada are invited to apply for renewable scholarships of up to $5,000 (USD) per year through the Steiner Family Scholarship Program.

Takeoff Scholarship Program
The Takeoff Scholarship Program is providing $10,000 awards to eligible college undergraduates in Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.

Tampa Bay Buccaneers Foundation Girls in Football Scholarship
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers Foundation Girls in Football Scholarship is a first-of-its-kind academic scholarship program, providing $5,000 scholarships to benefit graduating female high school football players who plan to make an impact in the sports industry.

TE Connectivity African Heritage Scholarship Program
The TE Connectivity African Heritage Scholarship Program provides a unique two-year experience involving both a paid summer internship and a scholarship of up to $22,500.

THOTCON Future Hacker Scholarship
Are you a high school senior in a Chicago Public School? Do you enjoy breaking software, security controls and physical things to understand how they work? If so, the THOTCON Future Hacker Scholarship might be for you.

Trane Technician of the Future Scholarship
The Trane Technician of the Future Scholarship provides awards up to $4,000 to future HVAC and/or building automation technicians.

US Foods Scholars Program
The US Foods Scholars Program provides scholarships totaling $20,000 to deserving students who have demonstrated outstanding potential and achievement in the culinary arts, helping them take the next step in their culinary journey.
US Foods is awarding scholarships at eligible schools in Atlanta, Austin, Daytona, Raleigh, Tuskegee and Portland (OR). Applicants must be high school seniors, high school graduates or full-time undergrads, and must be pursuing or planning to pursue a two-year, associate degree in the Culinary Arts or a related discipline at an eligible partner school. (See the application website for details.)
Applicants must be 35 years old or younger; be U.S. residents authorized to work in the 50 states and the District of Columbia; and have a minimum GPA of 2.5 on a 4.0 scale (or its equivalent). Awards given to first-year students are renewable for a second year, provided eligibility is maintained.
Opening March 2022

Varicent EDGE Scholarship
The Varicent EDGE Scholarship is designed to support

Vertex Foundation Scholarship
The Vertex Foundation Scholarship Program helps students living with cystic fibrosis (CF) and their immediate family members or caregivers afford college.

Voya Financial Services Diversity Scholarship Program
Voya Investment Management has established a scholarship program to assist students at Morehouse College or Spelman College who are interested in pursuing a career in the financial services industry. Up to two awards of $10,000 each will be granted, with one going to a student at Morehouse College and one to a student at Spelman College.

Voya Unsung Heroes Awards Program
The Voya Unsung Heroes Awards Program annually provides grants to who are utilizing new teaching methods and techniques for classroom/school projects to improve learning. Educators are welcome to submit grant applications describing projects they have initiated or would like to pursue. Each project is judged on its innovative method, creativity, and ability to positively influence students. Each year, one hundred educators are selected to receive $2,000 each to help fund their innovative class projects. Three recipients are then selected to receive additional top awards of $5,000, $10,000, and $25,000.

We Stand Together College Scholarship
Black and African American high school seniors who are attending an online school powered by Stride, Inc. can apply now for We Stand Together College Scholarship awards ranging from $10,000 to $25,000.

Wellroot Family Services Scholarship Program
The Wellroot Family Serivces Scholarship Program

Wells Fargo Scholarship Program for People with Disabilities
The Wells Fargo Scholarship Program for People with Disabilities is designed to help students pursue the education or training they need to succeed in their chosen career path.

Wells Fargo Veterans Emergency Grants
For college students, an unexpected financial setback can be a major disruption on the path to a degree. The Wells Fargo Veterans Emergency Grants are designed to help U.S. military veterans who are pursuing a postsecondary degree and who face financial emergencies that impact their ability to pay for school.

Wells Fargo Veterans Scholarship Program
Wells Fargo is strongly invested in supporting our nation’s veterans, and that support includes financial assistance as they pursue their higher education goals. The Wells Fargo Veterans Scholarship Program helps fill in financial aid gaps for veterans and the spouses of service disabled veterans, after military benefits and other grants and scholarships have been utilized.

William C. and Corrine J. Dietrich Scholarship Program
The William C. and Corrine J. Dietrich Scholarship Program, sponsored by the Minnesota Community Foundation, is open to high school seniors at any public high school in Minnesota who demonstrate financial need. The awards are offered for full-time undergraduate study at an accredited two-year or four-year college or university.

WM Four Corners Scholarship Program
To assist aspiring mechanics in the Four Corners states, Waste Management has established the WM Four Corners Scholarship Program.

Workday Value Inclusion, Belonging and Equity (VIBE™) Scholarship
The Workday Value Inclusion, Belonging and Equity (VIBE™) Scholarship is providing up to $15,000 awards, renewable for up to four years, to students from historically underserved backgrounds who are pursuing bachelor’s degrees in eligible fields.
Applicants must be high school seniors, high school graduates or current college undergraduates who self-identify as Black or African American or Hispanic or Latino. Applicants must plan to enroll in fulltime undergraduate study at any accredited four-year college or university for the entire 2022-23 academic year, and must be majoring in Human Resources, Finance, Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Administration or Sales or another related field of study.
Opening April 2022

